#Why IoT

The importance of IoT comes from the use of the infrastructure of the Internet to establish a conecction to the devices and between them.

1. ###Considerations for your project.
Getting more fro  your assets.
There is no restriction in terms of your operating system or device type when it comes to connect to Microsoft Azure IoT Suite. Also by using some BI tools you can make the best use of data
being generated by your devices.

2. ###Small changes, big impact.
When I am talking about small changes, I mean little details that can complete your service. For example if you are trying to do an CRM in which you are trying to sell something to your client,
imagine have the possibility to say what is in your inventory in real-time and even give the location of your product in the different stores you have.


3. ###Know the status of your assets
This is something that in my opinion is really important. To know the status of your asset, and being able to take action in a pre programmed way I believe it is really useful. Some of the experiences
I have had in work was that some assets didn't work and unless someone reported it it could takes us months to know about it. So having this kind of tool, believe will reduce cost and time from your 
own team.

4. ###Agility
By having all the information in real time will give you the opportunity of take your time in planning strategies or even implementing an emergency protocol in your devices. This gives you a lot of
opportunities when you need to be ahead the competition.

5. ###Redifine your business model
Something I have been taught and I have seen with my own eyes is the importance of redifining your ideas, literally finding new ways to solve the problem at hand. This kind of technology is a very 
helpful tool to use in this case. Imagine how much time you can save by implementing IoT and most important of all empower your decision takers by having real-time data.